---
title: "V0.0.1"
date: 2023-05-30T10:56:17-04:00
draft: false
---

# Hello Friends and Family,

*Thanks for considering taking the time to test my app.* At this point, everything, including the name and the icon, is still up in the air. I achieved what I consider MVP functionality, and I am eager to share this with all of you as fast as possible. I have a Trello board with ~3 more features to add before shipping to the app store as well as the MacOS version of the app. The Mac version works. However, the test pipeline is not finished yet. With iOS's pipeline finished, I can start delivering features to you all quickly. I appreciate anyone with the time to help me improve this app.

### In the first iteration of the app you will find the following implemented:

- The ability to create chapters based on personal goals.
- The ability to write about this via journal entries
- The ability to take a break from your goals via the notion of vation days or chapters but still retain the ability to journal for those days.
- The ability to see your journal on any iPad or iOS device if logged in with the same iCloud account.

### Next Features:
- MacOS version
- Basic Reminders - (you can turn these off) if you write about a goal or general journal entry, then the app will remind you to write again 24 hrs later. I have some other ideas for journal nudging but I want to start small and basic.
- Sharing - The ability to share your journal publically at your discretion via social sharing.
- Many more - I have more ideas such as habit timers, habit contracts, evaluating the habit cycle, and doing analytics. Still, I want to get a more visually pleasing app as well as user feedback before going that far.

###  Thank you all!


### Shaun